Local apps (#659)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/tasks/README.md

# Tasks

This package contains the definition files (written in Typescript) for the huggingface.co hub's:

> - **pipeline types** a.k.a. **task types** (used to determine which widget to display on the model page, and which inference API to run)
> - **default widget inputs** (when they aren't provided in the model card)
> - definitions and UI elements for **model libraries** (and soon for **dataset libraries**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pipeline types** (a.k.a. **task types**) - used to determine which widget to display on the model page, and which inference API to run.
- **default widget inputs** - when they aren't provided in the model card.
- definitions and UI elements for **model libraries** (and soon for **dataset libraries**).
```

> Please add to any of those definitions by opening a PR. Thanks 🔥

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add any missing ones to these definitions by opening a PR. Thanks 🔥
```
